### Mabel Wey

Sixty five year old Mabel Wey is the town’s self appointed historian and holds her position by strength of personality and the fact that she is a descendent of Charles Wey. She, along with he rather bored granddaughter Sarah Sewell, run the town’s small historical center. The center and gift shop is open all week during tourist season, but only 1-4 Monday, Wednesday and Thursday during the off season.

Mabel Wey is an expert on the history of the town and can present all of it in great detail. She is somewhat reluctant to talk about the vanished settlement and ghost sightings because she is worried that people will connect them to the recent disappearances and that this would be bad for the town. However, she is a decent person and does not want anyone to get hurt.

If the investigators are able to convince her that they are honestly trying to help, she will tell them about the vanished settlement and the fact that the natives regarded the place as haunted (basically, the same information in Wiener’s book. She can however, add the following information. First, people have reported seeing ghosts in the town for years but every reputable sighting has been made during a lightning storm. The sightings are said to be very brief and the shape seems indistinct, but usually about the size of a human. People have attempted to take pictures, but they have ended up merely showing, at best, indistinct blurs on the film. Mabel has a few photos on hand which are, in fact, genuine photos of the creatures that have been taken to be ghosts. Second, the ghosts have never harmed anyone in town, although as a religious woman, she worries that they might be evil spirits because “good souls always go to heaven.” Third, if the investigators ask about the “mysterious pits” that Wiener mentions, she will say that she has read of them in the few surviving scraps of Charle’s writing. Because of their condition, she won’t allow them to be removed from their special storage case. However, she has a copy she will show them. It says, roughly, that he discovered many “well dug” pits in the area with “sharp, clean sides” as if they had been dug with a single shovel thrust. He also reports seeing strange tracks that “were not good to look at” but that he felt that the area was safe now.
