## Getting the Investigators Involved

There are a variety of ways to get the investigators involved with the mystery. The least complex is to set it up so that one of the missing people is a friend or relative of on of the investigators. In this case, the investigator will learn of the disappearance and decide to take matters into his/her own hands, bringing along any companions.

A second option is that if the adventure is not the first one for the investigators, they could be drawn in because of past experiences that have given them an interest in such things. A third option, one with some humor potential, is to have the investigators working for a reality TV show that investigates strange events. This can provide an interesting mechanism for an ongoing campaign and allows for a mix of serious events, hoaxes and things that turn out to be nothing.

A fourth option is that the investigators could be hired by Zipp N’Pik to get things sorted out. In this case the investigators would need suitable backgrounds and occupations so that their role makes sense. This could also provide a framework for an ongoing campaign: the investigators are freelance troubleshoots (“find the trouble and shoot it”) who take care of special and unusual situations.

A fifth and humorous option is to set it up so that the brother of one of the investigators is married to Cheryl Pik, the owner of the famous Zipp N’ Pik chain of convenience stores that blight the landscape of the East Coast of America. The Keeper will need to set up two aspects of the investigator’s history. First, s/he has been a bit of a failure in employment and desperately needs a job, plus s/he owes Pik a great deal of money. The reason for the failure can be worked out by the Keeper and player. It could be that the investigator is too moral for corporate work, that s/he is always interested in something else, or that s/he is just really incompetent. Second, Cheryl Pik has a burning desire to have bad things happen to the investigator due to a variety of past incidents. It is up to the Keeper and player as to whether the actions were intentional or accidental (this makes it funnier). For example, at Pik’s wedding the investigator, seeming to be in a drunken stupor, staggered up to the wedding cake, threw up on it and then passed out into it. This might have been the result of heavy drinking or perhaps the investigator was accidentally exposed to something poisonous. As another example, the investigator was playing with Pik’s pet Chihuahua on Thanksgiving. The game involved using a board in the backyard as a seesaw to lift the dog up and down. Unfortunately, a frozen turkey fell of the picnic table and onto the board, thus catapulting the dog into the open turkey fryer. At about that time, Pik came out of the house and said “that smells great! I can hardly wait to eat!” Thus, when Ms. Pik learns of the disappearances at the Weyport store, she will decide to send her in law to manage the store in the hopes that something bad will happen.

A sixth and least desirable option is to simply have the investigators stumble into the situation.
